{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green12\blue12;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5098;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Step-by-Step Guide to Deploying with Streamlit\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa120\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Step 1: Install Streamlit\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 First, you need to install Streamlit if you haven't already done so. You can install it using pip:\
pip install streamlit
\f2\fs21 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 For more detailed installation instructions, you can refer to the official {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.streamlit.io/get-started/installation"}}{\fldrslt Streamlit documentation}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Step 2: Create Your Streamlit App\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Create a Python file (e.g., 
\f2\fs28 app.py
\f1\fs32 ) and write your Streamlit code. Here's a simple example:\
import streamlit as st\
st.title('Hello, Streamlit!')\
st.write('This is a simple Streamlit application.')
\f2\fs21 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Step 3: Run Your App Locally\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Before deploying, test your app locally by running the following command in your terminal:
\f2\fs21 \cb1 \

\f1\fs32 \cb3 This command will start the Streamlit server and open your browser to show your app. You can make changes to your code, and Streamlit will automatically update the app in the browser.\
streamlit run app.py\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Step 4: Deploy Your App\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Streamlit offers an easy way to deploy your apps using Streamlit Cloud. You can deploy directly from your GitHub repository. Here are the steps to deploy:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Push your code to GitHub
\f1\b0 : Ensure that your Streamlit app (
\f2\fs28 app.py
\f1\fs32  or any other filename) is in a GitHub repository.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sign up or log in to Streamlit Cloud
\f1\b0 : Go to Streamlit Cloud and sign up or log in.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Deploy your app
\f1\b0 : Once logged in, you can deploy your app by selecting 'New app', then choosing your GitHub repository and the branch where your app is located. Finally, select the file (
\f2\fs28 app.py
\f1\fs32 ) and click 'Deploy'.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Streamlit Cloud will automatically set up your app, install dependencies, and deploy your app online. You can share the URL of your deployed app with others.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Step 5: Manage Your App\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Once your app is deployed, you can manage it through the Streamlit Cloud dashboard. You can view logs, restart the app, or delete the app from this dashboard.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Video link:\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74c3KaAXPvk\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKoOBiAaHGg\
\
Documentation link:\
https://docs.streamlit.io/get-started/installation}